a billion and nanas 
joys of buildbot, part 2: buildböt and the very lonely square-shaped duck
joys of buildbot, part 3: an accidental event proves troublesome for a psychic fish
joys of buildbot, part 4: a transient mummy is perplexed by a broken wand
buildbot has horrible bloogs
I am the very model of a modern major general
It's no wonder the build always falls over when we call it pushing.
H
i
D
S
!!!!
joys of buildbot, part 5: a watermelon's diatribes need not be cause for spilling the queen's tea
crab
joys of buildbot, part 6: a merry metal matchturtle mocks mostly and mainly in Madrid.
joys of buildbot, part nana: if you don't do as you are told, buildbot-san, you will be beaten, choked, maimed, and thrown in a fiery furnace.
DS saves us from Valve again.
Pants will save us from certain death.
Invaders' blood marches through my veins, like GIANT RADIOACTIVE RUBBER PANTS!
¡ THE PANTS COMMAND COMMAND ME! DO NOT IGNORE MY VEINS. !
This file sure has gotten big.
sawce is rukia and loves anime, sushi, and macs
ur
oh, it's so cute. she sometimes takes a little pack of mayonnaise, and she'll squirt it in her mouth all over, and then she'll take an egg and kind of... mmmmm. she calls it a mayonegg
not me
javaliabuf64k..
"line 29" rhymes.. kinda. <--- CONFIRMED
The Patty Winters show this morning was about javalia.
jksrhiojkhflhadsglk
The Patty Winters Show this morning was about UFOs That Kill.
On The Patty Winters Show this morning were descendants of members of the Donner Party.
Everything outside of this is like a movie I once saw.
THIS IS NOT AN EXIT.
ABANDON ALL HOPE YE WHO ENTER HERE.
egg!!
blimey!
this.crab
jibbly jibbly jibbly
oh mercurial
hi
oh, hello
horrible is horrible is rukia
i'm gonna get u good
The Patty Winters show this morning was about how terrible sawce is, same as yesterday's show; however, things are looking up for tomorrow.
IT'S CLOBBERIN' TIME ERRDAY
clobstermonkey
that thing
clobber build because amx.h changed (sigh)
a dead fish
ten clams, ten of them
snails
rum ham
scrambled eggs
EXCEPTION
asher make me touch this
a newline embiggens the noblest of files
EmitAmbientSawce()
It's so watery... and yet there's a smakc of ham to it!
You gonna squeal before we cook ya?
NOT TODAY; MAYBE TOMORROW.
m/w/f
push 0xB1D
glibc is bestc
Buffer overflow if packet size is in a certain range, leading to server crash.
Buildbot shall pay the iron price.
Buildbot, I hereby challenge you to an honorable prison stabbing to the death!
Beeeeeeeees.
Beads.
snakesssssssss; maple
R.I.P. Wade Boggs
Your tier1 tower is under attack..
Christmas!!!
the mousse angles are smooth
spoilers
oh key you're so good to me
well, ok rude
travis stole my shoe, once.
I love my anime wife.
